docs: Guide improvements (#1528)
tendermint/starport: docs/guide/blog.md

# Build a Blog

> In this tutorial you will learn how to create a blockchain with a module that let's you write to and read data from the blockchain. This module will implement create and read functionality for a blog-like application. A user will be able to submit new blog posts and show a list of blog posts on the blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will learn how to create a blockchain with a module that lets you write to and read data from the blockchain. This module will implement create and read functionalities for a blog-like application. A user will be able to submit new blog posts and show a list of blog posts on the blockchain.
```

> In this tutorial, you will learn how to create a blockchain with a module that lets you write to and read data from the blockchain. This module will implement create and read functionalities for a blog-like application. A user will be able to submit new blog posts and show a list of blog posts on the blockchain.

Reviewer 2: hi @fadeev thanks for always making our docs better! 
- Let's use present tense for the developer who is building the blockchain, per https://developers.google.com/style/tense. 
- I went back and forth, but I in this case the end-user actions in future tense make sense. 
- We want our language to be empowering. We look to the [Digital Ocean Style Guide](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/digitalocean-s-technical-writing-guidelines) for inspiration:

> Keep the focus on the reader and what they will accomplish. Instead of using phrases like “we will learn how to”, use phrases like “you will configure” or “you will build”. This goes a long way to motivate the reader and get them excited about your topic. In addition, keep the focus on the problem the reader is solving rather than the technology.

> The purpose of this tutorial is to guide you through the imlementation of a complete feedback loop: submitting data and reading this data back from the blockchain.

Reviewer 2: love this! what is the style for abstract? we can use that style here. (and how do I look up the syntax styles for our docs? 
(I guessed at the `>` symbol... teach me!)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The purpose of this tutorial is to guide you through the imlementation of a complete feedback loop: submitting data and reading this data back from the blockchain.
```
